Solid Edge Housekeeper is a utility for finding annoying little errors in your project.  It is free and open source and can be found at github.com/rmcanany/SolidEdgeHousekeeper.

Please note, the program has been tested on many of our files, but none of yours.  Do not run it on production files without extensive testing on backups first.

Feel free to report bugs and/or ideas for improvement, either here or on GitHub.



v0.1.7 Enhancements/Fixes

Run External Program
    Added the ability to launch a Console App from within Housekeeper.  The idea is to be able to customize tasks to your site-specific requirements.  
    The Console App works on a single Solid Edge file.  Housekeeper serves up files one at a time for processing.  It handles the batching, filtering, error reporting, etc.  
    Several rules on the program implementation apply.  See details and examples at https://github.rmcanany.com/HousekeeperExternalPrograms
    If you could use this, but are not the programming type, your VAR might be willing to help.  If not, you could try waving around a little bit of money on this forum.  It may well bring someone to the rescue.

Interactive Edit
    Added the ability to bring up files one at a time for manual editing.  An always-on-top dialog box lets the user signal when they are finished and ready for the next file.  The main idea is to allow the user to fix errors, such as missing flat patterns, that are not easily accomplished automatically.  Some rules apply.  See the README tab for details.

TODO List
    Added the ability to create a list of files in which errors were detected.  This list can be used as a file search option on subsequent runs.  It is intended mainly to work as a preprocessor for Interactive Edit, but can be used with any task.

Wildcard Property Comparison
    Added the ability to search properties with a wildcard pattern.  It is implemented with the VB 'Like' operator, which is similar to the old DOS wildcard search, but with a few more options.  For details and examples, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/visual-basic/language-reference/operators/like-operator.

File Filters
    Added the ability to narrow the file listing based on file type.  Also added a wildcard search option.

Missing Drawing
    Added a task to find missing drawings for model files.  A current limitation is that the drawing name and directory must both be the same as the model file.

Property Find/Replace
    Added a task to edit property values.  It searches for text in the defined property and replaces it if found.  
    The search is not case sensitive, the replacement is.  For example, say the search is "aluminum", the replacement is "Aluminum", and the property value is "ALUMINUM 6061-T6".  The new value will be "Aluminum 6061-T6".

Save As
    Made Save As more generic by having the user specify the file type from a ComboBox.  Previously, each file type had its own task.

Save As Flat DXF
    Added the ability to save a sheetmetal flat pattern as a DXF file.  Previously, this function was combined with the task 'Save Laser DXF and PDF'.

Print
    Added the ability to print draft files.  

File List Out Of Date Issue
    Fixed an issue where the file list did not update correctly under certain conditions.  Also added a pre-process check to verify that all files on the list still exist on disk.



v0.1.6 Enhancements/Fixes

Top Level Assembly
    Added a top-level assembly file search option (Thank you @Jean-Louis).  The search can be conducted in one of two ways, bottom up or top down.  
    Bottom up is meant for general purpose directories (e.g., \\BIG_SERVER\huge list of files\).  
    Top down is meant for self-contained project directories (e.g., C:\Projects\Project123\).  A top down search can optionally report files with no links to the top level assembly.
    See the Readme tab for more information.

Property Filter
    Added a property filter search.  You identify a condition consisting of a property, a comparison, and a value (e.g., Material contains Steel).  Only those files matching the condition are processed.
    System or custom properties can be searched.  Multiple conditions can be included.  Filters can optionally be named, saved, modified, or deleted.
    Each condition is assigned a variable name, (A, B, ...).  The default filter formula is to match all conditions (e.g., A AND B AND C).  You can optionally change the formula (e.g., A AND (B OR C)).
    See the Property Filter Readme tab for more information.

Help Text
    Added extra help text on the Readme tab for tasks where the label did not fully explain the action (Thank you @bshand).

Known Limitations
    Added a section to the Readme, listing known issues and possible workarounds.  

File Select Set
    Improved the behavior of the file list select set.  Previously, the select set was cleared whenever a task option was changed.  Now the select set is preserved whenever possible.

Save Task Selections Now Optional
    Previous behavior was to always save.  All other information, such as input directory and template locations, is still always saved.  

Allow Partial Success on 'Move drawing to new template' Now Optional
    Previous behavior was to always allow.

Readme Scroll Issue
    Fixed an issue where the Readme tab did not scroll correctly.

Broken Out Section Views Issue
    Fixed an issue where 'Move drawing to new template' failed on broken-out section views.



v0.1.5 Enhancements/Fixes

Move Drawing to New Template
    This new task replaces "Update drawing border from template" and "Update dimension styles from template". It is an improvement because any Styles you modify in your template (even ones I don't know about) will be present in the updated Draft file.

Save As STEP
    Added for Assembly, Part and SheetMetal files.

Save As DXF
    Added for Draft files

File List
    Changed file listbox to multi-column and improved the sort order.

Widget Positioning
    Fixed an issue where form controls were not postioned correctly when the main form was resized.
